almost beside myself
thirsty and hungry when I came to a
farmhouse that was way back in the field
but there was a road going back there
and I decided that I'd go back and I'd
offer to do something for the Rancher if
he would give me something to eat and
something to
drink and I went back to this ranch
house and an old man on Horseback and
ugly looking old man met me and he had a
whip in his hand what they called a
quirk it was a handle with several
strings of leather hanging from the end
of the handle and knots in the end of
the leather strips I think they called
it a quirk
quirt and there he sat on his horse and
his saddled and said what are you doing
on my
place and I said said mister I I am
sorry but I'm hungry and I'm
thirsty and I just wondered if I could
do something for you that would I could
get something to eat and something to
drink and he cursed me out and he said
yes you
bum if you want to eat and if you want
to drink then you need to work he said I
have to work for everything I get he
said if you want to clear up piece of
ground out here for me I'll feed you and
he was
cursing and I thought well I'm in here
and I the best I can do is try and he
took me back to a swamp in the back of
his barn and he gave me a grubbing hole
and I'll
declare and I'm not
exaggerating the edge of that hole was
the same as the
back it was just there was just no
cotting Edge on it and he said take this
and get in there and get
that
that stump pulled out and I'll feed
you I went back there with that grubbing
hole and I hit the ground and that stump
Shook and the whole ground shook it was
just a boggy mess and the first route I
hit all it done is peeled the bark
off
and
I hit two or three times and the whole
ground Shook and it didn't cut and I
realized that I was either in for a
whipping or for a tongue
lashing but I walked out of there and I
showed him I said this won't cut and I
said I'm hungry I just haven't got the
strength that I need
to and he cussed me out and run me out
to the
road and I was broken in spirit it was a
test it was oh it was
terrible and I managed to get down the
road perhaps a mile maybe 2
miles and I was almost exhausted I
couldn't go much
farther and I come to another
Farmhouse and I went into this other
Farmhouse and I will never forget there
was a lady there that met me at
door and she said you poor thing come on
in the
house and she had so much love and
affection she said let me pi you
something to eat where have you been and
I told her about the experience next
door and she said oh I'm sorry you
stopped there he said we have to watch
our step every day he shoots at us he's
mean he's awful
he said when we go out to cut our hay
he's just liable to shoot if he thinks
we're on his property there's no
dividing line out there we don't know
where the line is but if we get
somewhere near where he thinks we're on
his property he said he has shot a hole
through my husband's
hat and this is the place that I had
just
been and she said I'm sorry and she fed
me a good
view and she let me rest and in the
meantime her husband come in from taking
care of some sheep that he
had and she told him that she had fed me
and that I was
resting and they decided between
themselves that if I would I could take
care of those
sheep that were out there well I don't
know how far but it's putting your back
to Ridgeway I remember I was there on
the fourth the reason I think it was
near
Ridgeway it came the Fourth of July I've
been out there perhaps 2
months where April part of April and
June and probably and it was the first
of July I didn't know what that was I
had no idea but I heard some noise over
the
hill from where I was with the sheep and
I walked over to the top of the hill and
looked down to the
South and I seen the Ridgeway post
office and I didn't realize that I was
that far back toward Ridgeway but there
I was and I as I looked down I
recognized Merl
sandon and his mother and his father
down there they were having a Fourth of
July picnic and all of the neighbors had
gathered around and this is the first
Contact that I had had with the outside
world except twice they had brought me
bacon
sourdough
flower for my covered wagon where I was
taking care of the sheep and if
I had a letter from home which came
only I don't know how of that meilman
come but it was 100 miles he didn't come
very often and if there was a letter
there would bring a letter
out and I
remember meeting the sandon and they
told me it was the 4th of July and I met
them and I told them what I were doing
but I didn't have a chance to get over
there because I had to get back I had,
1500 sheep and I had to protect them
from
coyotes and from
thieves and I was responsible and I was
very very anxious to please these people
because they had
been so good to
me